[Music]
thanks to the and welcome
and I have bad news for you the
last live today the last clip
today is bad news for you
[Music]
last night I was talking to youtube ok I've
already said it that the main channel
seems to have some kind of
punishment or something not only do
the videos that I upload not even
notification subscriptions appear but I also think
that this is due to a penalty
thanks to face face thank you very much I
think it is due to a penalty that they have
given me they have given me a
penalty on a video thanks already care
order eyes wide open lollipop lollipop
lollipop I
understand you perfectly the same thing happens to me
many times too since I have
given a penalty
on a video from many years ago okay it
is not a current video it is a very
old video that according to youtube they have detected
that it has a fraudulent link no [ __ ]
idea what the fraudulent link is because
the description of events that the video is not a
lie they have given me the
penalty
this is not necessary
the satiety pvc welcome this is
better extract not a penalty to the zinc
horde but it is a warning in my
channel is like a visual you have there is a
warning and I think that because of that
penalty for the main channel it is
a little punished not at the level of
recommendations at the level of all
monetization of everything I think I was
talking yesterday with youtube and I'm going to talk I'm
going to try to get it removed it's not the
sanction I think it was a
youtube error because since it is broken I think they
put the warning there but look look what it
is saying is that it does
not notify my main channel it
never notifies okay because I have two
cell phones that it's not that I have
one and in some failures no no it's that I have
two and both themes activate the
notifications for my two channels and it doesn't
notify me the main channel several there was
main life does not notify and it is
having half the visits that it
can have usually okay and the other
day something also happened
that you can see here a follower said
look look
this photo belongs to a live
for this that we started not every
restaurant chain no this photo you
see it is a video that a
follower made at one point it is not edited
or anything something is happening
something is happening with my main channel
secondary is [ __ ] great I think
that in the end the decision is going to be very much against
my will to dedicate myself only to the
secondary channel I talk about all the topics
here I deal with everything here and then I upload it
to the second area and I am on you know
youtube doing live and such what
happens if as I was doing or rather the
million was going and everything happens to me that it makes me feel
sorry to leave that main says
filled Gerald although it also happens to him it
happens to many people but of course god
the main channel is the one I
grew up with the one I became known with does not
have 320 thousand subscribers sincerely
sincerely it has
many videos a lot of material then
surely if its value continues to
rise those of and not to see
continue the days uploading some reviews
and some things but no it did not happen
at the moment it is not at the moment it is not my
decision I continue working at the same
level at the same pace
yet let's not be liars neither is I
given a salary the main channel
gives me a lot bad secondary channel but the
main one gives me a small salary that I
could live easily with what
my main channel gave me and they are streaks they are
streaks no and I continue working at the same
level that has less visits  now well there will be
stronger visits and
maybe when the sanse or comes
stronger then the channel will be
recommended again and such no but something happens something
happens not the thing that they gave me a
sanction there
a warning in a video from three
years ago for a link that does not exist but it is that
more your warning but not
even until how long this
punishment lasted well forever Felix more
said YouTube that the punishment is that the
warning is forever that they will
never remove it from me that it is not how it
brings them here that it expires in three
months whatever it is
or in other words forever ok this happened what it
says in the punishment it puts me in the
warning but the video does not delete it the
video continues in public with stylized
these that are broken that this is a bus
youtube has put this here at the time
of escaping fix it
total what I say I am going to take advantage I am going to
go to the YouTube chat to support and I am going to
talk I am going to talk here is the video
never when a stranger puts something on you you
never have to delete the video because it
can be uploader within a year
suddenly I had support I returned it to you
like it happens to us many  sometimes no but the
people at youtube don't have a clue no they don't
tell you anything you take it
I go there and they say no no the
internal team says that the video is still
punished and it's like seeing if the
video is there that they haven't removed it
that what I have posted is a warning I
go into my channel to counter it
you have a warning a warning and I
think that's why the channel is kind of
punished like it's not recommended
I know something was happening to him and suddenly I
say I'm going to go to the chat on youtube I'm going to
talk I'm going to be an [ __ ] or rather well he will
always always broadcast a video something I
get it back I appeal it I go there and I'm
going to tell him when they are going to send me
the secondary channel badge almost a
year since the always
dv subscribers arrived and I go to ask I
had means yesterday
that he is not going to give me the badge to the secondary channel
reason they don't know why why not
give me the [ __ ] badge but my channels
generate a few thousand euros to the
metal give me the [ __ ] badge that is worth a hundred
euros give it to me to the accesses and he says no
that I already had it choose some creators
so that  give him the plate of others no
and that my channel is not suitable for the plate
and for always having given in the other
says well right now we can't give it to you
therefore
I think that what has happened here
and I think you have to agree
with me who wants to support me support me
whoever doesn't support me does
n't want me here I think that I don't have me here I think
that I don't want him
here
so nothing I don't know if this could be my
last live I don't know
if maybe they won't
give me the plate because I'm a man I
don't know the thing YouTube doesn't want me on
this platform I was talking to
support last night and well this is part of
the conversation I'm not sorry for not having any
more news Anna from support tells me and
I tell her that they are going to what an
ugly detail I understand that the situation is not
favorable you can request it again
after a few months
but this is very ugly Anna I give a
lot of profits to the platform I
understand you right and now go and we are going to
check it out again after a few
months I hit me for a while without talking no
because she sent me this message at
six and  two and at 6:6 2 at 4
minutes he says are you there and I was
crying okay I was crying I said
I'm sad heal
sincerely I'm sad I'm
not laughing you're watching me and you don't
want me here on this platform I
want now thank you
[Music] thank you
no thank you very much
[Applause]
we have to do one thing
but that's so important to you
totally man look here I say
give it to me but since it doesn't help me the
plate that's very cheap my gun okay
now what do I say to my poor
followers you're disappointed
why are you disappointed
the situation with the plate is not final
but now
this is the answer we have I think
that YouTube doesn't want me here and now they want me to
leave I
really believe that YouTube wants
me to leave
now we have to do something we have to
do something to break this
situation if you want me to stay on
YouTube I promise you that I'm leaving I
promise you that I'm leaving we're
going to break the record of members today
or I'm going to say how many members of the
same we're
going to break if you want me to stay
on YouTube we have to do a
barbarity today of members like to
say how many there are no no I'm
serious
I'm leaving youtube I'm leaving
youtube because I think they don't
want to
see me right now there are five
hundred and fifty seven members five
hundred and fifty seven members
but where are you going to say I'm going to
twitch
how angry I got I'm going to tweet if I'm a
tweeter
600 is very little if it was Geraldo let's see do
you think we'll be able today I don't know to
break a [ __ ] figure here today let them
fry again
[Music]
thanks freddy I don't know what it's [ __ ] crazy a
[ __ ] crazy today
a [ __ ] crazy
that we'll reach 700 members today
many of them don't believe that we would be
able there are 3,100 people here
if you want me to stay
then I'm going to convince you now with a
video if you want
[Music]
thanks to claudio if you want me to
stay no please who's going to be the
king of salsa well I'm leaving dream the x
gamer I'm leaving it's because I think that  youtube does
n't want me I
think youtube doesn't want me
if you want me to stay
right now everyone become a
member but come on, say youtube but
what happened here we have to give the
badge to the wise man he's leaving
if you want us to break youtube make
the members right now everything
[Music]
towards 8
javi you don't remember me but I've
loved you for years doro you don't know sophie
how annoying about the badge you deserve it it
seems like a total lack of respect that they
don't give me the badge if you want to complain
we're going to explode I'm in a video
[Music]
thanks to cesc if you want everyone to
[Music] it
depends on you whether I stay it
depends on you whether I remain at zero
members here we are going to explode youtube
today because this
this means that they want me to
leave youtube
now I'm going to put up a video with which I'm
going to I'm going to try to convince you to
become a member okay
thanks for the tanguillo appreciate  the effort
that you put into your channel and I know that I have
done has taken a lot of time and money
there are feelings
thanks the other to Andy
[Music]
victim I like it because you are inclusive
what will he do [
Music]
blue welcome welcome
[Music]
Francisco Camps or welcome
world rock thank you very much thank you
guys we
can break YouTube today please
we can break YouTube today and
reach 700 members,
that
is to say there are 3100 [ __ ] people here I leave it in your hands I am very sad the truth I promised my children that plaque to eat I mean look look what I tell them and they have no heart in their hearts
spies and thank you very much
this is not having a heart I promised
my children of that plaque of the secondary channel
and we are going to put the glasses on that plaque and they do
not give me the plaque because potatoes
because potato
without more
if you want me to stay to be
members I mean all of you who are here
daily with me should be
members punctually because also
now I have done one thing and that is that you
come here to my secondary channel
you  over here
[Music]
tango was no longer a member until
she
[Music]
alejandro gesture thank you very much for
orders
well
sebastian a hug welcome
[Music]
matias thank you very much
here I take you guys when I ask for something
there it is there
these are the good deeds it has made me
are the chosen ones all the names that
are coming out here are the chosen points
[Music]
eddie thank you very much welcome
welcome or thank you very much
ah
duch and everything thank you very much welcome
this assaults me the copyright point
at the end with the music of the genius because I
think that the direct doing all kinds the
music of ingenuity we break I am the [ __ ]
youtube I am going to put a video now
called youtube is bad and
the pan bichitos are the virus watch out this
video of mine from 2017 three years ago of the
video
[Music]
carlos bernal rosso thank you very much
welcome guys if you want me to
stay on youtube we are going to break the
[ __ ] score today okay all of you who are
already will it be possible
would it be possible for it to be done  member today a
thousand people are
watching it it's crazy you're
watching it it's crazy a thousand people
or rather there are 3000 people right now it's a
lot it's not
much for my people same
daigo thank you very much something
now thank you honey doesn't trust
my people at all doesn't trust my people well
the members I take this opportunity to say that
now I have put it here so as not to have to
put it in the community tab that every
time they finish launching the live shows
you appear here okay man and in the
secondary channel and for the exclusive video for
members and they don't know here everyone
ok
ok we are not in your hands
today we are going to watch a video I have
finished the conversation the good
news
and
adrin jeronimo very well thank you very much
carmen carrera
[Music]
facua but thanks to him facu from facua let me
say thank you for the hours of
entertainment that you have given me these
weeks dismantling johann planas
you are great if you want great alejandro
thank you very much for your super chat
and he tells me the good news about your
plate it has a delay to the good
news that it has a delay
[Music]
the sea grace machine
that I welcome
[Music]
Hello hello hello thanks for becoming a
member
and
Pedro Luz a welcome
[Music]
Ah
Victor Hernandez thank you very much and
welcome thank you for becoming a
member my badge is late expert
[Music]
Merit
sangin we are some bastards we like
spicy food and we're lazy to pay for
hours and hours of entertainment
the salsa dancer is in danger and the chat wakes up
red heart thanks at the box office
the chat has to wake up because this let's
see it's very important that you take a
member okay because I think YouTube doesn't
want me here
look at what he said my badge is
late you
just called my sister my badge they just
took my [ __ ] badge
and I said my badge is late
I already knew something was wrong with my channel they
thought it was everyone to join that
the membership costs the same as a coffee
don't be stingy moli but there are people who
can't who can't go to
grace in bol and put their perch who
can't do nothing okay but whoever
can become a member please everyone
who can serve  [ __ ] the best had
five thousand members guys
and asked for power don't [ __ ] with me
we can't be a
thousand members
I didn't know how many we would have but here they have
jumped in all the possibilities
in almost a [ __ ] madness now I don't know
how much we will have we look at the end of
this extract I'm worth everything put a video
if you're going to see this video
[Music]
I remove thank you very much welcome chorra
fago thanks for the super chat this
video is
with a bad experience that I had on
youtube three years ago okay a problem happened to me
this is right when I hit
the ship on youtube okay be I passed I
had eleven thousand and twelve thousand subscribers
okay and I went from having that to having 30 or 40
thousand subscribers when win's fight
takes care of me when win's video michu
my videos were made a lot
on the subject and I hit a boom what
happened I had a lot of sick people
behind me who were obsessed
with me how strange no
javi the powers are
panicking the strong option and I hadn't
thought about that thanks borja and I the
forales must be giving it a hard time
now seeing that you are showing your faces
lucky gather  thank you very much uncle
welcome
[Music]
joselu the hair welcome calls you the same
as a friend of mine thank you very much to the
zeal welcome
had a lot of sick people
weird things that are strange that was super
obsessed with me has a problem
with me you feel the fabric of chumbo one
ends a trial with me in fact and something happened
[Music]
manuel end of thank you very much machine
welcome
I'm waiting like crazy for the day
your badge arrives and you write I'm not
sad anymore annan
brings shield and money to some streamer
just for you and he told me my name efe in
the chat xd it could be very funny
machine
of a genius I
had a problem and it is that this group
of sick people because they were
totally sick okay they started to
throw the videos from my channel
[Music] there
were two jumps
[Music]
to is from vic welcome or welcome
thank you very much by the way and crazy member
observe impossible that we reach a thousand
members today seriously I mean I think that I
think that in a moment
100 people have become members quickly no
and I to break the point direct from
ears
[Laughter]
you said  700 yeah I said 700
[Music]
fadi thank you very much let's
see I said that 700 would be great
but that we should get there by the
big ones to break this thing that shits you let's
see members I get
I get 597 how much did we have before
when will we see
[Music]
welcome here
kyle street thank you very much genius
victor thank you very much and also for
the super chat let's see well I think that
this
already is the 600
600 members guys
600 points members
that we don't reach 700
that's [ __ ] for you it
's a land
with what eats
the thanks current current not annual
[Music]
jorge camacho thanks machines
crisis thanks welcome
manuel don't go brother from youtube
I'm from the Dominican Republic I always watch
your live I'm here to support you you're
good but keep it up greetings thank you very
much thank you very much let's see
if youtube doesn't want me I'm leaving
youtube
[Music]
su  challenge thank you very much well let's see
how many members we have to get to
700 at least
604 okay let's
make us nervous well anyway
these people who were commenting you're going to
see a video of mine that you're going to flip out
good of cani to the max and
then changed
[Music] it
turns out that these people got so so so so
bad when my
channel hit the boom they got so bad that they
made some groups of this I have your
video on the secondary channel the
first videos that on the secondary were
correct
juan welcome juan perdomo
[Music]
georg rudy cruz thank you very much
I believed the secondary channel because of this
because they made many
private groups and in those groups they organized
to throw the videos at me
to give me a strike and they managed to
keep my channel closed for almost a [ __ ]
month
if you're watching this video you'll go to
solve everything calculate from
October 19th until the upload date to
know how long it takes them to respond
okay, I mean, I was going to recover a
strike again
[Music]
gilberto thank you very much welcome
arturo velero huge huge victor thank you very much huge total that they could extract from me I only appealed I spoke with youtube and at the moment I had another extra and they had already gotten the hang of how to post the videos in an organized group and I had to have the whole channel private for
a [ __ ] month they cut off all the
growth gave or rather the video that I made
talking about the video
[Music]
victor thank you very much welcome
juande had stolen thank you very much god
pre order eyes wide open lollipop lollipop
lollipop reacts and can't stop
me on monday kisses churra lollipop lollipop
on monday the new member
forera cutting his wrists
thanks gillis today they have to be
screwed with this is today they have to be
screwed total that they get the hang of it and
I couldn't have a channel because the
moment I put a video in public they would
knock it down you know how life is like what he
says I reported one of them I
reported one of them I had a trial with him so that he would
stop basically so that fear would set in
and so that he wouldn't and in the end
youtube  when they saw my situation I
got in touch with YouTube and
they gave me special treatment, that is to
say, YouTube has
special treatment depending on the number of
followers that you have, okay, there's an
apartment and an apartment, there's an apartment
for people who are always
subscribers, there's another apartment for
people with bigger subscribers, okay, and if you have
less than 50 thousand subscribers, they don't even
talk to you, okay, and since they saw my problem, they
helped me and gave me the chat and the
email for people with more than 100,000, okay, I
have two mandatory things to
start my day: have a hot coffee and
put your live streams or some of
your videos in the background. Greetings from Paraguay, thank you very much.
[Music]
Man, Ana vila, we're cousins, you have the
same last name as me,
and the thing was that YouTube already took over half
the chat and said, look at Javi, here it is,
because we've put access to the chat, the
moment you have a problem again,
for an extra fee, and you don't talk here, and that's it,
and that's how it was, so in the end,
this whole fight hurt me a lot
because, surely, [ __ ] it,
that video had a million  and peak views
okay and if I had continued taking advantage of
that push uploading videos for dad and
surely it would have happened to me like turbo
flat they told him that I would have put myself
at 100,000 subscribers in a week
okay these bastards cut me off
because of these people paz
couldn't take advantage of that bus youtube knows but deep down benefit because getting in contact with youtube knows me in the support know if you realize my secondary channel is verified that it has 20 thousand subscribers partly harmed me but partly benefited me and
well life goes on if not and I want you to
see this video of me how angry
I was with youtube at that moment okay
what's going on my kids go I have to
record this video today is October 13th I
don't know when I'm going to upload this video and I'll
explain why it turns out that after
the latest events of these
last videos that they have on the channel no
which two of them have been
trending at number 6 at number 5
well they have thrown two videos okay one
of them one of those that were
trending and another a video of the year of the
pear okay when andr bush well
that [ __ ] video the two of them have thrown it at me
not only have they thrown videos at me but they have
also thrown a lot of
videos like for example and out airplay
mams and verga to mauer I left iron blog and
now member
none other comes to mind and what is this due to it is not
much the loneliness that they are the ones who start
throwing videos no and all the same issue
not against the same person no
obviously this is due to a
massive complaint I am going to explain to you more or
less how the system works the
system of the extracts not one thing on the
one hand that a person reported
a video because it took out content of his own it
is defamed for various reasons as
soon as they comply with the rules of the community
but when a video has a number of
reports that is a high percentage with
the number of subscribers that you have
on the channel for example let's imagine a
channel like mine that has 20,000
subscribers for 20 million such
receives
this is half I say already after
this I started to fight put 2
kilograms 40 thousand  10 thousand reports 25 thousand
reports five thousand a
pretty high percentage because those videos are
either automatically censored by YouTube
first you usually get an
age restriction they can put a
video an age restriction and if they
keep reporting it then this is what is
called an extra and they don't throw the video to
hell with Anthem they put a
notice what happens like they've
put two on my channel right now I
was hanging by a thread and also I can't
upload videos for two weeks it
seems great to me that there is a
community rule and that there are laws there
are no things that you don't have to
respect us but I have been reviewing
those two videos the two [ __ ] videos and it
contains absolutely nothing nothing to
watch it throw it holiness for
massive report take it with YouTube you already
have me fed up with the
monetization issue okay with
this [ __ ] yellow icon of the balls and it is
that a rich man okay for those who don't
know it, I have been carrying on for several weeks or
even months that automatically when I
upload a [ __ ] shitty video
one of every four words is ready  3 is with
you I'm complaining about the
monetization with yellow of the poor
automatically it can already be the video
nothing is to say the visits you have to
visit it had
22,704 thousand 1200 had 20,000
subscribers passing the monetization
two months that automatically when I
upload a [ __ ] shitty video the [ __ ]
yellow icon turns
automatically it can already be the video
nothing is that fiber and whatever a
video of whatever the point is and
with yellow I click on request review
okay because you can click request
review and then you put it in green
and it monetizes but of course the
boot of visits has already passed no and this is what
happened to me with it for example the two
viral videos I don't see that there is the
support of commented on those videos
this video was there I spent the whole afternoon editing
I remember perfectly that day I
spent the whole afternoon editing this
video okay I mean ok
and suddenly wind michu uploaded the video
the expert report they notified me and I came to
the wild pitch cases and I made a
video  well it was going to cost me notice that it was going to
cost me I say well tomorrow
I'll make a video and I said I'm not going
to record a video in a moment with a
webcam and the video got almost a million
and a half views in two days
without monetizing it's listening to people who
open my lining and take and say three or
four videos in a row one after the
other same day with those videos and they've
been at least three or four days
with the [ __ ] and with
[ __ ] yellow no when I didn't have anything in the
title I didn't have anything in the thumbnail
so I could see suspicions that they
complied with the rules no I stayed on
YouTube and I had it on Twitter he told me that it was going to
be in some metadata in the
thumbnail in the title on my [ __ ] he
trusts and you guys in my [ __ ] in vinegar of
drought now you can me and friendship in
a video of Fidel in a [ __ ] video if you
want me to stay on YouTube to be a
member right now everyone
I think this is YouTube history
okay I think this is
YouTube history and they can't kick this kid out
of  youtube under no circumstances
okay
I think this kid doesn't deserve to be
kicked off youtube if you want us to
stay on youtube and be able to see my
funny ones on tv become members
[Music]
thanks to this thank you very much
Andrea rico welcome asks that with whatever there is
and that he puts in the towel and that no
one complies with the rules what happens is that it
works like [ __ ] ass it works
like [ __ ] ass let's talk
[Laughter]
respected I'm going to veto data for the moment for
which metadata vetoed partition [ __ ] [ __ ]
efe
ah
and no longer send
[Music]
thank you very much through these people who are
becoming members are the
chosen points okay when the end of the world comes
these people who are becoming members
will be the chosen points of the
notification and that your own subscribers do not appear in your
videos
but yes here you have a recording that I
made a couple of months ago how in
my subscriptions a channel appeared that
I was not subscribed to okay you are seeing
here in the video how these are my
subscriptions and this video appears here
from this channel that I  I'm subscribed,
the notification popped up on both my
computer and my phone and it just so happens it
's not a
living room channel and the gesture is recorded
periodically I get a notification from
a channel that has no subscribers or anything was
acquired you're always been it's been
broken realize that I did this
three years ago god so it's
not that it's broken now but it's
always broken period here what he
does is here working uploading
videos and [ __ ] off and whatever
comes next h
there's no other way dude scratch you rack your
brains and so on it's stupid it's stupid
because in the end it's youtube don't do it
rule never youtube they are broken in the
[ __ ] made
of 100 subscribers out of a thousand subscribers
to no
welcome pablo thank you very much
welcome on wii thank you very much
[Music]
from jeff thank you very much for becoming a
member
all these people want this kid on
youtube if you want that kid on
youtube
become members right now
to be a member right now
don't miss this [ __ ] opportunity it
's a taco channel it's a channel of one
because it's worth the same as a coffee
smiling face with sunglasses well
thank you very much  thanks to whoever can whoever can't it's okay
i understand
that there are people who can't but
whoever can whoever can please
support me so I can stay here because
youtube doesn't want me here wants to
ask me dude
youtube wants to ask me i wouldn't leave
but if youtube kicks me out what do i do dude it seems to
me like they don't want me to stay they don't want to
give me the badge they
put me there's some [ __ ] on saturday under
lock and key i'm sad i
'm sad
give antonio thank you very much welcome
god this is more sold than millions
and years
[Laughs]
at that time that was because
youtube at that time like it had four
million well I had paid them money
youtube so they don't notify you I take
a right this is more sold my
balls I'm
laughing
and I don't give a [ __ ] at some point do
n't bother me in the videos okay because
here they charge a lot of garbage
well in any
company that does a promotion and they
get more than with a million views
but what pisses me off what we see
is that I give myself an extra point it's because
a lot of mongols or a lot  of
brats montg those of the [ __ ] be already go go
report videos because I speak
badly of study today of his idol let's
see let's see this parenthesis for me
competed your verbal is very attentive let's see
if the following fits you let's put ourselves in
situation we upload a video we get
the point and with yellow because youtube
has detected my balls and you
monetize it you click on request review
supposedly youtube reviews it
manually and that's why it returns it to you and they
put it in green how the [ __ ] is it
possible that in that video that they
supposedly already reviewed to
monetize you again a stranger could fall on
you could fall an age restriction is that
such as or rather if it is supposed that they have already
reviewed you
before putting in apparent
[Music]
z bites thank you very much
juan antonio thank you very much churra
[Music]
your [ __ ] mother is that fact member
wanting for me to try to pronounce
the name knows have you seen it and it was
written in Chinese touching the balls
you know if they put you in the video in
yellow
if you send it to review
and review it they put it on you  in green how is it
possible that they can then put an
extra on that video if it is assumed that there is
someone who reviewed it and verified that it
was correct to monetize it and
puts it in green it no longer makes
any sense then who the [ __ ] reviewed
their videos their life
Victor thank you very much for the super chat
well to return to monetize wants
some [ __ ] laboratory monkeys ok and not
YouTube things do not work like that
things do not have to work if
things work when a video is
reported to you first you put it for
review
first the magazines and then it throws it away
what you cannot do first is
throw it away and then the magazines and I
getting angry I was telling him
how they have to do things make it
believe thank you very much
thank you churri if that he returns it to me
but the same as with the strike with the
monetization you how the [ __ ] you put the
yellow icon on me and then I click on
request review and it puts it in green
so what the [ __ ] is it that you have
detected there so that it does not magnetic anything it
hates us at all well it is supposed that if
you have detected something then when I
go to  reviewing it doesn't make sense that it
turns green and that's wasting money
that's taking a video dude that cost 50 bucks and
throwing it out the [ __ ] window
that's the one with the yellow one it's like that they
have the money and not only
for us but the money
that we lose they also
lose YouTube because YouTube keeps the
same as us or in other words what we
generate YouTube stays
at half that is to say if I charge a thousand it
means that YouTube has kept
in fact I have a little more because
YouTube keeps 55 percent if I
buy a thousand
[Music]
it's me alone welcome been thank you very much I
always want to send super chat if I don't
do it because I know you won't be able to say my
name I love you Javi
let's get to it ching wan from
now on your name is chin wan give me all the
super che that you want don't be shy
surpass all the super che that you want and we
didn't have chin wan it's over let's continue
one pp whatever comes to mind but don't be
shy dudamel his hanger don't have with
the  you win
[Music]
the plan youtube charges the same as
us in fact it keeps a little
more so if I lose money it
loses too and the thing is that the system is very
poorly done let's see there are videos for
example the one of leandro in the video that
talks about the crisis the love crisis in this video they
put it in yellow okay
the video has been
yellow until today okay the
video has 50,000 views 50,000
views on a 20 minute video it could
be between 80 dollars around there
chaves 80 dollars that I have lost them
youtube lost okay I normally
only upload videos and the ones that fall in
yellow well look the important thing is that
the channel continues working for dad
dad but of course for youtube it
came out lost 80 but youtube has lost
mine the other one let's
go 700 members I [ __ ] on the
metadata already I [ __ ] on all the
ports of the metadata and they go
massive
you are the first channel that I am
subscribed to three well bad eros already if it's going to
see takes your virginity
and I have relaxed  a little bit with the
members I think you're still not
sure if you want me to stay on
YouTube or not I see doubts still I see
doubts look look
at it
I'm a chai that has reformed you
don't want me to keep reforming me and
staying on YouTube with my dog look at
my dog
subscribe do it for him
but no not yet
what I'm doing right now I'm right now
how lucky I don't have a
Google office right now nearby
[Laughs]
and the author and I are complaining that it won't
be the channel that closed our account
that it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense it doesn't make any
[ __ ] sense the whole life of god
chin wan it's more the languages marlo with
a secret name takes it says a video you see
something and people report it it's that they
noticed what makes you really yellow the
video this the video they told you the
video is now green or in other words it
means that once the video was reviewed sanz
realizes that the video was suitable for
monetization or in other words all the money all
the views have been lost without monetizing it has
been in vain they have
been totally in vain you ca
n't anymore  recover the 50,000
views and monetize
that video I made that video for free
Latina is going to cost money because she pays by
selling to google chin wan is pronounced
minga park and that's why she can't make it thanks
for the super chat but I say chin
wan George still makes it a very
pretty name I had already subscribed send me a
kiss gorgeous face blowing a kiss face blowing
a kiss face blowing a
kiss thanks to gorki thank you very much you
won't have to review and once I
review it decide whether to throw it away or not what is not
right what is not
right is that today I am unable to
upload a [ __ ] video is that there is no
right photo video there is
no right 3 and I have one I have one
that is a commitment with a
careful company look carefully
javi who is the handsome singer in the video let's
see this dog and it's vulcan and I
cross him on the street
today I cross someone like that on the
street I change sidewalks okay but handsome is how
things are it is a promotion
and lyrics are high and pierre you have to
call to tell him that  I left them stranded
when those videos have nothing and
when those videos when I reverse them
look I'm worried about the promo
with 20 thousand subscribers and that
average person no money anymore that promo what they
gave me was some toys they
came from China and they sent me some
toys that you keep they put it in you
it's something that puts you on your lip so
fat end of everything and I'm there all
worried that I was going to leave the company stranded
nothing to come back I lost time because of a
bunch of mongols or organized I have my
balls quite swollen right now I
swear I needed I needed to vent
with the camera because my balls are
swollen the story has been five days
since I sent the appeal for these
videos both remove the
age restriction not because I have
reviewed the [ __ ] videos and I am
totally sure that it does not violate
any rules my balls are quite
swollen because it's been five days since
I sent the appeal and it would have been
time for me to return the [ __ ]
videos and do not export the video right now
in hidden it's not just the fact that
I have two videos there that will
generate me a ton of subscribers and a  a
lot of visits in private okay not
only that is that I also have
pending videos to upload and I can't
upload them it's a problem is a
problem anyway guys Mexico I
doctor as I started as I started over
here people wanted to want to change
I'm leaving I'm leaving I don't know if tomorrow there
will be a live or not yes to
everyone please give a huge thank you
to everyone who supports me there had
become a member if I stay on YouTube it's
thanks for you let's see how many
members there are before we leave let's see
how many members there are
training it has been crazy I don't know
how many people are members
like that [ __ ] crazy to have done
621 members there
621 members
thank you really thank you very much to
all of you I'm the best let's
see if we can get to
2000 before Christmas it
would be hey I would be excited I
wanted to study at a thousand 88 with people who ca
n't but oh well social 620 guys
620 seems like a good number isn't
the number pretty it's pretty the number
thank you very much to the 621
surely we will continue growing in
our days I hope  that you get along
with an author like before, well that's so
complicated, but while we do it like
now, I'm happy, thank you, I've seen your
hanger, thank you very much, and nothing, I'll
stay, I'll stay on YouTube until they
throw me in hot water, I'll stay, but
all thanks to these chosen ones,
all thanks to these chosen ones, and to
you, thank you very much for
accompanying me, gentlemen, see you, I don't know if
tomorrow has passed, okay, give a lot of support
to Carlos Salgado